hey guys Joey cannot hear your take no
crap hockey guy before i get into the
Ontario Hockey League's top five draft
prospects I'd like to congratulate Pavel
Bure on being the first member of the
Vancouver Canucks to be inducted into
the Hockey Hall of Fame bere was
Vancouver's first real superstar and is
most deserving of this honor I hope that
Aquaman will listen to the eighty-eight
percent of us who wanted to see number
ten hanging high above rogers arena now
on to my top five draft prospects from
the Ontario Hockey League at number five
left winger Kerby Rychel well Rychel
isn't the best skater he is one of those
players that just has a knack for
showing up in the right place at the
right time he is one of the hardest
workers in the draft and he will always
finish his checks Michael is also very
good at scoring goals in close if I was
to compare him to an NHL hockey player
that player would be Scott Hartnell of
the philadelphia flyers at number four
defensemen crispy gross solid reliable
and smart are all words that come to
mind when you watch beatriz play he
isn't the flashiest player in this
year's draft but he also doesn't make
mistakes either he's also very good at
moving the puck and playing the power
play if I was to compare him to an NHL
player that player would be Dan Hanzus
of the Vancouver Canucks at number three
defensemen Darnell nurse
nurse is the real wild card in this
year's draft he is one of this year's
drafts best athletes and he has a
boatload of skill and nastiness to go
with that athleticism the only real
concern i have with him is whether he'll
put it all together at the pro level if
i was to compare him to an NHL player
that player would be tyler myers of the
Buffalo Sabres at number two center max
domi domi is one of my favorite players
in this year's draft the kid simply
doesn't know the meaning of the word
quit and I would bet he has a selke
trophy or two in his future along with
his competitive spirit domi also has a
lot of skill and plays with an edge if I
was to compare him to an NHL player that
player would be Mike Richards of the los
angeles kings and at number one center
sean monahan Monahan is the player that
I most likely see challenging Nathan
MacKinnon for the top spot in this
year's draft the kid has it all sides
speed skill intelligence and leadership
he will likely be a number one center
very soon in the National Hockey League
if I was to compare him to an NHL player
that player of the Ryan Getzlaf of the
Anaheim Ducks other notables from the
OHL are Jason Dickinson Ryan koja winski
Jordan Subin and Bo Horvat well that's
it for this week's show tune in next
week when i look at the Quebec League
I'm Joey canuck I'm out
you